from_the_feed.md, before:

## Week 7 - 26 Oct 2015

[TED Talk: We can now edit our DNA. But let's do it wisely](http://www.ted.com/talks/jennifer_doudna_we_can_now_edit_our_dna_but_let_s_do_it_wisely) 

[Bayesian, Likelihood, and Frequentist Approaches to Statistics: A comparison of methods](http://www.appliedclinicaltrialsonline.com/bayesian-likelihood-and-frequentist-approaches-statistics-0): "Statistics on the other hand is a human science. The state of nature has been declared and given, but we don't know what it is. All we can do is observe the consequences and try and divine the rules that govern our existence." 

## Week 6 - 19 Oct 2015

[New paper: Single-cell ChIP-seq reveals cell subpopulations defined by chromatin state](http://www.nature.com/nbt/journal/vaop/ncurrent/full/nbt.3383.html) 

[Impacted Science: Impact Is Not Importance](http://mbio.asm.org/content/6/5/e01593-15.full): ".. The many criticisms of the Impact Factor seem to have no effect on its inappropriate use .." 

## Week 5 - 12 Oct 2015

[How scientists fool themselves – and how they can stop](http://www.nature.com/news/how-scientists-fool-themselves-and-how-they-can-stop-1.18517) 

[Survey on Bioinformatics](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/10P299OB_cfwC7zyTBAdddo1Wh9py_vUGcTy-yczQoTU/viewanalytics)
[(the survey itself: Bioinformatics infrastructure survey)](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/10P299OB_cfwC7zyTBAdddo1Wh9py_vUGcTy-yczQoTU/viewform) 

[A statistical "gotcha" regarding gay gene tabloid hype](http://andrewgelman.com/2015/10/10/gay-gene-tabloid-hype-update/) 


## Week 4 - 05 Oct 2015

[The unreasonable effectiveness of GitHub browsability](http://stat545-ubc.github.io/bit006_github-browsability-wins.html) 

[Mission Bay (science publishing) manifesto](http://www.michaeleisen.org/blog/?p=1760) 

[The Battle Over Genome Editing Gets Science All Wrong](http://www.wired.com/2015/10/battle-genome-editing-gets-science-wrong/) 

## Week 3 - 28 Sep 2015

[Data Analysis for the Life Sciences - a book completely written in R markdown](http://simplystatistics.org/2015/09/23/data-analysis-for-the-life-sciences-a-book-completely-written-in-r-markdown/) 

The idea of [Leanpub](www.leanpub.com), completely written in R markdown, accompanying [git page](https://github.com/genomicsclass/labs) 

[Stories from the GitHub Classroom: Changing Practice, one Pull Request at a Time](https://speakerdeck.com/johndbritton/stories-from-the-github-classroom-changing-practice-one-pull-request-at-a-time) 

[Using pull requests](https://help.github.com/articles/using-pull-requests/) 

## Week 2 - 21 Sep 2015
[Fixes to problems in science: 3 happening now, 3 unlikely to happen soon](http://socialbat.org/2015/09/12/fixes-to-problems-in-science-3-happening-now-3-unlikely-to-happen-soon/) 

Three happening: Open access, Post-publication review, Replication 
Three unlikely to happen soon: Luxury journals, P-hacking [1], Numbers on job prospects in science 
 
[1] “The basic problem with statistics is that they carry an authority that comes from many people not understanding them. If you know a little bit of statistics it’s easy to fool readers who know less than you. It’s also easy to fool yourself.”

## Week 1 - 14 Sep 2015

[The 5 Most Critical Statistical Concepts](http://simplystatistics.org/2013/07/03/repost-the-5-most-critical-statistical-concepts/) 

manipulate data, exploratory data analysis, contextual knowledge, distinguish T from F patterns, communicate

[Use of GitHub in STAT545](http://stat545-ubc.github.io/bit004_stat545-use-of-github.html)

Commit message:

just one link this week

from_the_feed.md, after:

## Week 8 - 2 Nov 2015

[Accelerating scientific publication in biology](http://www.pnas.org/content/early/2015/10/26/1511912112.full.pdf): "creating
new outlets for faster and more nimble scientific communication could have positive outcomes on professional training, catalyzing scientific progress, and improving the culture of communication within the life sciences as a whole." 

## Week 7 - 26 Oct 2015

[TED Talk: We can now edit our DNA. But let's do it wisely](http://www.ted.com/talks/jennifer_doudna_we_can_now_edit_our_dna_but_let_s_do_it_wisely) 

[Bayesian, Likelihood, and Frequentist Approaches to Statistics: A comparison of methods](http://www.appliedclinicaltrialsonline.com/bayesian-likelihood-and-frequentist-approaches-statistics-0): "Statistics on the other hand is a human science. The state of nature has been declared and given, but we don't know what it is. All we can do is observe the consequences and try and divine the rules that govern our existence." 

## Week 6 - 19 Oct 2015

[New paper: Single-cell ChIP-seq reveals cell subpopulations defined by chromatin state](http://www.nature.com/nbt/journal/vaop/ncurrent/full/nbt.3383.html) 

[Impacted Science: Impact Is Not Importance](http://mbio.asm.org/content/6/5/e01593-15.full): ".. The many criticisms of the Impact Factor seem to have no effect on its inappropriate use .." 

## Week 5 - 12 Oct 2015

[How scientists fool themselves – and how they can stop](http://www.nature.com/news/how-scientists-fool-themselves-and-how-they-can-stop-1.18517) 

[Survey on Bioinformatics](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/10P299OB_cfwC7zyTBAdddo1Wh9py_vUGcTy-yczQoTU/viewanalytics)
[(the survey itself: Bioinformatics infrastructure survey)](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/10P299OB_cfwC7zyTBAdddo1Wh9py_vUGcTy-yczQoTU/viewform) 

[A statistical "gotcha" regarding gay gene tabloid hype](http://andrewgelman.com/2015/10/10/gay-gene-tabloid-hype-update/) 


## Week 4 - 05 Oct 2015

[The unreasonable effectiveness of GitHub browsability](http://stat545-ubc.github.io/bit006_github-browsability-wins.html) 

[Mission Bay (science publishing) manifesto](http://www.michaeleisen.org/blog/?p=1760) 

[The Battle Over Genome Editing Gets Science All Wrong](http://www.wired.com/2015/10/battle-genome-editing-gets-science-wrong/) 

## Week 3 - 28 Sep 2015

[Data Analysis for the Life Sciences - a book completely written in R markdown](http://simplystatistics.org/2015/09/23/data-analysis-for-the-life-sciences-a-book-completely-written-in-r-markdown/) 

The idea of [Leanpub](www.leanpub.com), completely written in R markdown, accompanying [git page](https://github.com/genomicsclass/labs) 

[Stories from the GitHub Classroom: Changing Practice, one Pull Request at a Time](https://speakerdeck.com/johndbritton/stories-from-the-github-classroom-changing-practice-one-pull-request-at-a-time) 

[Using pull requests](https://help.github.com/articles/using-pull-requests/) 

## Week 2 - 21 Sep 2015
[Fixes to problems in science: 3 happening now, 3 unlikely to happen soon](http://socialbat.org/2015/09/12/fixes-to-problems-in-science-3-happening-now-3-unlikely-to-happen-soon/) 

Three happening: Open access, Post-publication review, Replication 
Three unlikely to happen soon: Luxury journals, P-hacking [1], Numbers on job prospects in science 
 
[1] “The basic problem with statistics is that they carry an authority that comes from many people not understanding them. If you know a little bit of statistics it’s easy to fool readers who know less than you. It’s also easy to fool yourself.”

## Week 1 - 14 Sep 2015

[The 5 Most Critical Statistical Concepts](http://simplystatistics.org/2013/07/03/repost-the-5-most-critical-statistical-concepts/) 

manipulate data, exploratory data analysis, contextual knowledge, distinguish T from F patterns, communicate

[Use of GitHub in STAT545](http://stat545-ubc.github.io/bit004_stat545-use-of-github.html)
