README.md, before:

#Statistical Analysis of High-Throughput Genomic and Transcriptomic Data 
Fall/Herbst-semester 2015

## Lectures
Mondays 9.00-9.45, 10.00-10.45 (approx) Y13-M-12
from 14.09.2015 to 14.12.2015

## Exercises
Monday 11.00-11.45 Y11-J-05

## Lecturers
[Dr. Hubert Rehrauer](http://www.fgcz.ch/the-center/people/rehrauer.html), Group Leader of Genome Informatics at [FGCZ](http://www.fgcz.ch/)  
[Dr. Mark Robinson](http://www.imls.uzh.ch/research/robinson.html), Assistant Professor of Statistical Genomics, [IMLS](http://www.imls.uzh.ch/index.html), UZH

## Important Links
[Journal club papers (papers to consider presenting)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/sta426hs2015/material/master/reading_list.txt)

## Links to interesting blogs
[Simply Statistics](http://simplystatistics.org)  
[Bits of DNA](https://liorpachter.wordpress.com/)  
[Getting Genetics Done](http://www.gettinggeneticsdone.com/)

## Some potential robots/people to follow on Twitter
[@rnaseqblog](https://twitter.com/rnaseqblog)  
[@RLangTip](https://twitter.com/RLangTip)  
[@rna_seq](https://twitter.com/rna_seq)  
[@simplystats](https://twitter.com/simplystats)  
[@biorxivpreprint](https://twitter.com/biorxivpreprint)  
[@compbiozurich](https://twitter.com/compbiozurich)  
[@compbiolpapers](https://twitter.com/compbiolpapers)  
[@genetics_blog](https://twitter.com/genetics_blog)  
[@notSoJunkDNA](https://twitter.com/notSoJunkDNA)


## Course material

You can check out the entire set of course materials with the following command:
```
git clone https://github.com/sta426hs2015/material.git
```

Commit message:

add link to schedule PDF

README.md, after:

#Statistical Analysis of High-Throughput Genomic and Transcriptomic Data 
Fall/Herbst-semester 2015

## Lectures
Mondays 9.00-9.45, 10.00-10.45 (approx) Y13-M-12
from 14.09.2015 to 14.12.2015

## Exercises
Monday 11.00-11.45 Y11-J-05 

[Rough schedule of topics for the semester](https://github.com/sta426hs2015/material/raw/master/Stat_Methods_lecture_2015.pdf)


## Lecturers
[Dr. Hubert Rehrauer](http://www.fgcz.ch/the-center/people/rehrauer.html), Group Leader of Genome Informatics at [FGCZ](http://www.fgcz.ch/)  
[Dr. Mark Robinson](http://www.imls.uzh.ch/research/robinson.html), Assistant Professor of Statistical Genomics, [IMLS](http://www.imls.uzh.ch/index.html), UZH

## Important Links
[Journal club papers (papers to consider presenting)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/sta426hs2015/material/master/reading_list.txt)

## Links to interesting blogs
[Simply Statistics](http://simplystatistics.org)  
[Bits of DNA](https://liorpachter.wordpress.com/)  
[Getting Genetics Done](http://www.gettinggeneticsdone.com/)

## Some potential robots/people to follow on Twitter
[@rnaseqblog](https://twitter.com/rnaseqblog)  
[@RLangTip](https://twitter.com/RLangTip)  
[@rna_seq](https://twitter.com/rna_seq)  
[@simplystats](https://twitter.com/simplystats)  
[@biorxivpreprint](https://twitter.com/biorxivpreprint)  
[@compbiozurich](https://twitter.com/compbiozurich)  
[@compbiolpapers](https://twitter.com/compbiolpapers)  
[@genetics_blog](https://twitter.com/genetics_blog)  
[@notSoJunkDNA](https://twitter.com/notSoJunkDNA)


## Course material

You can check out the entire set of course materials with the following command:
```
git clone https://github.com/sta426hs2015/material.git
```
